Based on the percentage of
women candidates
participating in Parliament Council.
I would like to talk about
the lack of opportunity
for women candidates.
I do not want nor agree
with these restrictions.
When we look
at the population in Myanmar,
over 50 percent of it is women
Based on the population
Women with over 50%
of the population
should be able to participate
be involved in peacemaking,
security and creating success.
In any role or task,
women who take up over 50%
of the country’s population.
should be able to participate
in all aspects of the country.
be it economic or political.
Having more women candidates
presenting them in the elections.
For women to get equal rights
It is important
so that we can demand more.
People still believe that
we cannot perform well
and that we cannot become leaders.
As we are women candidates
We get discriminated against
and have our opportunities
taken away.
For opportunities in decision-making
With more number of men candidates
given the power as decision-makers.
Loss in opportunities
that women candidates are facing.
they do not take
women’s perspectives and situations.
into consideration completely.
By analyzing the actions,
It is known that laws and policies
established are highly ineffective.
due to a lack of
women candidates’ participation.
This is the loss that our country faces
and will continue to face.